docs: improve Whoops page explanation and Initial Configuration (#6316)
codeigniter4/CodeIgniter4: user_guide_src/source/installation/troubleshooting.rst

unrecoverable error, which we don't want to show to the viewer of
the webapp, for better security.

You can see the error in the log file. See `CodeIgniter Error Logs`_ below.

> If it is not on the production server, you should set your environment to
> "development" (in **.env**). See :ref:`setting-development-mode` for the detail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you reach this page while developing you should change your environment to
"development" (in **.env**). See :ref:`setting-development-mode` for more details.
```
